Introduce i18n variable in viewUrl (#1995)
SAP/luigi: docs/navigation-advanced.md

}
  ...
```

> - Add a {i18n.currentLocale} parameter to the viewUrl part of your configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using [localization](https://docs.luigi-project.io/docs/i18n) and translating your page into different languages, you can also add a **{i18n.currentLocale}** parameter to the viewUrl part of your configuration:
```

```javascript
{
  pathSegment: 'home',
  label: 'Home',
  viewUrl: 'https://example.com/{i18n.currentLocale}/microfrontend.html',
}
  ...
```

>   **{i18n.currentLocale}** parameter will be replaced by the value of `LuigiI18N.getCurrentLocale()`.
>   e.g. `https://example.com/en/microfrontend.html`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The **{i18n.currentLocale}** parameter will be replaced by the value of `LuigiI18N.getCurrentLocale()`, for example `https://example.com/en/microfrontend.html`
```
